[Music]
we have had days where we've lost over
600 bats in one day and had probably
about 30 come into care bats to come
down in the heat we rescue them off the
ground or from blow down the tree we
start off by spraying them calling their
body temperature down from there we
start giving them oral fluids if they're
rescued early in the day and we could
spend all day rehydrating them we can
then release them back in the evening
back up into the trees any of the gate
sticker injured we actually care for in
our own homes
certainly dedication is needed constant
feeds constant cleaning cutting up lots
of fruit you've got to train for about
two years before you can get your
license to actually care for flying
foxes you don't have much life at all in
that season
when the animals dip in the river here
they drag their stomachs along the water
and then they go and fly into a tree and
drink that water from their bodies or
take it back to the colony for their
youngsters and it's a very important
part of their survival here I think that
the public's perception of bats are
smelly disease-ridden animals with
education I think we can change that
they're very intelligent animal and I
think they're cute of course I do I
always felt that our wildlife the
problems they faced a lot of it is
human-made you know from their habitat
being destroyed and it's just something
I wanted to give back you know to the
animals I don't think I would ever known
what a normal life is like for the last
26 years I've forgotten what that's like
not to go get forward
[Music]
you